add GitLab integration images and update setup instructions (#9)
l3montree-dev/devguard-documentation: src/pages/getting-started/setup-gitlab-integration.mdx

## Steps

<Steps>

### Generate a new access token on GitLab
 

>     Go to Project you want to integrate it with Devguard on GitLab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Go to Project you want to integrate with Devguard on GitLab. 
```

>     Choose Access tokens under Settings then click on Add new token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Choose Access tokens under Settings then click on `Add new token`.
```

    ![Go to Gitlab Project Settings](../../assets/gitlab-setup/gitlab-token-settings.png)

    ### Configure your GitLab access token 
    Input a name and a description for the token.

>     Under Select a role choose `Reporter`, you don't need to select any scope,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Under `Select a role` choose `Reporter`, you don't need to select any scope.
```

>     then click on Create project access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Then click on Create project access token.
```

    ![Go to Gitlab Project Settings](../../assets/gitlab-setup/gitlab-token-var.png)

    ### Copy the generated token

    ![Go to Organization Settings](../../assets/gitlab-setup/gitlab-token-copy.png)

### Go to organization settings on Devguard & click integrate with GitLab

![Go to Organization Settings](../../assets/gitlab-setup/gitlab-1.png)

### Configure your GitLab instance settings 

> Add a name for the instance, the URL of your GitLab instance, and the access token you generated in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a name for the Integration (like Tom's Personal Access Token, or Project Access Token for DevGuard), the URL of your GitLab instance and the access token you generated in the previous step.
```

![Configure your GitLab Instance Settings](../../assets/gitlab-setup/gitlab-2.png)

> ### Navigate to an asset within one of your projects and select your corresponding GitLab project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Navigate to an asset within one of your projects and select your corresponding GitLab repository.
```

![Navigate to an asset within one of your projects and select your corresponding GitLab project](../../assets/gitlab-setup/gitlab-3.png)

    ### Add a webhook to your GitLab project
    Go to your GitLab project settings
    select Webhooks under Settings, then click on Add new webhook.

    ![Go to Gitlab Project Settings](../../assets/gitlab-setup/gitlab-webhooks-settings.png)

    ### Configure your GitLab webhook

    Paste following URL in the URL field: 

    if you are using devguard under stage.devguard.org
    ```sh copy 
    https://api.stage.devguard.org/api/v1/webhook/
    ```

    if you are using devguard under main.devguard.org
    ```sh copy
    https://api.main.devguard.org/api/v1/webhook/
    ```
    then select the events you want to trigger the webhook, it is recommended to select following events:

    - Comments
    - Issues events

    then click on Save changes

{/* ### Go to the security control center of the asset and click on auto setup to create a pipeline

![Go to the security control center of the asset and click on auto setup to create a pipeline](../../assets/gitlab-setup/gitlab-4.png) */}

</Steps>

> Now you have successfully integrated your GitLab project with DevGuard. You can integrate the CI/CD pipeline with DevGuard from the security control center of the asset on DevGuard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you have successfully integrated your GitLab repository with DevGuard. You can integrate the CI/CD pipeline with DevGuard from the security control center of the asset in DevGuard. 
```
